# T3: Euler Integrator

## Before The Tutorial

- How could you describe a system consisting of a particle in the potential of a (fixed) central body?
  - if no other conditions, I would assume the function of the potential is relevant to the distance between the particle and the central body, instead of the position difference vector which includes the information of direction.
  - And the potential also has something to do with the properties of the particle and the central body, such as mass, charge, angular velocity and so on.
- What is the equation of motion, and how is it obtained?
  - There are few conditions about a fixed central body potential, like spring potential, gravitational potential, $r^{-2}$ potential and so on.
  - here take gravitational $r^{-1}$ potential as an example:
- How can you (very simply) evolve such a system using a straightforward Euler integrator?
  - The EOM is actually a differential equation with two variables for now, because this is a 2D motion with 2 freedom.
  - we can evolve the system by numerically solving the EOM, which is exactly evolving in our case.
- What is the order of the operations you have to perform?
  - I have no idea.
- Make yourself familiar with the concept of a “while” loop.
  - yes, already.
- What is the difference between the value of a variable and the reference to a variable? Why is this important when using subroutines?
  - one is value with which not possible to touch original variables, one is address with which the original variables could be overwritten or even deleted.
